CONN-4000: Trend micro vision one app doc (#4913)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/trend-micro-vision-one.md

---
id: trend-micro-vision-one
title: Trend Micro Vision One
sidebar_label: Trend Micro Vision One
description: The Trend Micro Vision One App for Sumo Logic is designed to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of security teams, offering a powerful solution for proactive threat monitoring and rapid incident response.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/trend-micro-vision-one.png')} alt="Trend-Micro-Vision-One-icon" width="50" />

> The Trend Micro Vision One App for Sumo Logic is designed to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of security teams, offering a powerful solution for proactive threat monitoring and rapid incident response. With this app, users gain real-time visibility into security events and incidents within their organization's infrastructure, allowing them to quickly detect and react to potential threats. It provides a suite of interactive dashboards that present a comprehensive view of all alerts and indicators, outfitted with pre-configured visual tools such as charts, graphs, and tables. These features make it easier for teams to discern trends, patterns, and anomalies in their security data, ultimately strengthening their organization's security posture and protecting against advanced threats and attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trend Micro Vision One App for Sumo Logic is designed to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of security teams, offering a powerful solution for proactive threat monitoring and rapid incident response. With this app, users gain real-time visibility into security events and incidents within their organization's infrastructure, allowing them to detect and react to potential threats quickly. It offers a suite of interactive dashboards with pre-configured visual tools like charts, graphs, and tables that provide a thorough view of all alerts and indicators. These features make it easier for teams to discern trends, patterns, and anomalies in their security data, ultimately strengthening their organization's security posture and protecting against advanced threats and attacks.
```

Author: Done.

:::info
This app includes [built-in monitors](#trend-micro-vision-one-monitors). For details on creating custom monitors, refer to [Create monitors for Trend Micro Vision One app](#create-monitors-for-trend-micro-vision-one-app).
:::

## Log types

> This app uses Sumo Logic’s Trend Micro Vision One Source to collect [alert logs](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/trend-micro-source/) from Trend Micro platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app uses Sumo Logic’s Trend Micro Vision One Source to collect [alert logs](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/trend-micro-source/) from the Trend Micro platform.
```

Author: Done.

| extract field=mitre_techniques "\"?(?<mitre_technique>[\w\s\-&.,]*)\"?[,\n\]]" multi nodrop

// global filters
| where severity matches "{{severity}}"
| where status matches "{{status}}"
| where investigation_result matches "{{investigation_result}}"
| where alert_provider matches "{{alert_provider}}"
| where model_type matches "{{model_type}}"
| where model matches "{{model}}"
| where incident_id matches "{{incident_id}}"

// panel specific
| count by id
| count
```

## Set up collection

To set up the [Trend Micro Vision One Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/trend-micro-source) for the Trend Micro Vision One app, follow the instructions provided. These instructions will guide you through the process of creating a source using the Trend Micro Vision One Source category, which you will need to use when installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Trend Micro Vision One app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Alerts data.

## Installing the Trend Micro Vision One app​

import AppInstall2 from '../../reuse/apps/app-install-v2.md';

<AppInstall2/>

> ## Viewing Trend Micro Vision One dashboards​​

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Viewing the Trend Micro Vision One dashboards​​
```

Author: Done.

import ViewDashboards from '../../reuse/apps/view-dashboards.md';

<ViewDashboards/>

### Overview

The **Trend Micro Vision One - Overview** dashboard provides details on security alerts, their severity, status, and distribution across different categories and time periods. 
Use this dashboard to:

> 1. Monitor the number and severity of security alerts in real-time, allowing for quick identification of high-priority threats.

Reviewer: Please use bullet points instead of numbers. Follow the same for the rest in this section.

Author: Done.

2. Analyze the distribution of alerts by provider, status, and investigation result to prioritize response efforts and allocate resources effectively.
3. Track alert trends over time and correlate them with specific event types or indicators to identify patterns or emerging threats.
4. Review the top affected entities and detection models to focus on the most critical assets and effective detection mechanisms.

> <br/><img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/dashboards/TrendMicroVisionOne/Trend-Micro-Vision-One-Overview.png' alt="Trend-Micro-Vision-One-Overview" />

Reviewer: The image is broken while previewing in localhost. Please fix it.

Author: The image is not yet deployed to s3, hence breaking. It should be deployed by today eod.

## Create monitors for Trend Micro Vision One app

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

<CreateMonitors/>

### Trend Micro Vision One monitors

> The Trend Micro Vision One Monitors serve as a security tool, concentrating on observing essential operations and unusual occurrences within the Trend Micro Platform. These notifications offer instantaneous insight into significant events, allowing security personnel to swiftly react to deviations or breaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trend Micro Vision One monitors serve as a security tool, concentrating on observing essential operations and unusual occurrences within the Trend Micro Platform. These notifications offer instantaneous insight into significant events, allowing security personnel to swiftly react to deviations or breaches.
```

Author: Done.

            "relatedEntities": [
                "A7AD7812-BF2B-4AAA-B963-ABFC57E58A6E"
            ],
            "filterIds": [
                "a665ee2c-1568-466c-8a99-4744e02b180e"
            ],
            "provenance": [
                "Alert"
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": 5,
            "type": "text",
            "field": "actResult",
            "value": "File cleaned",
            "relatedEntities": [
                "A7AD7812-BF2B-4AAA-B963-ABFC57E58A6E"
            ],
            "filterIds": [
                "a665ee2c-1568-466c-8a99-4744e02b180e"
            ],
            "provenance": [
                "Alert"
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": 6,
            "type": "text",
            "field": "scanType",
            "value": "Real-time Scan",
            "relatedEntities": [
                "A7AD7812-BF2B-4AAA-B963-ABFC57E58A6E"
            ],
            "filterIds": [
                "a665ee2c-1568-466c-8a99-4744e02b180e"
            ],
            "provenance": [
                "Alert"
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

> <details>

Reviewer 2: this will fix the build

```suggestion
</details>
```
